GetFailedTasks - handle demisto rest api executeCommand error (#10199)
demisto/content: Packs/IntegrationsAndIncidentsHealthCheck/ReleaseNotes/1_1_8.md

#### Scripts
##### GetFailedTasks

> - Improved error handling of Demisto REST API integration failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved error handling in the event that the Demisto REST API integration fails.
```
